[theme tune intro playing]
[digital sputtering and beeping]
-[upbeat synthesizers come in]
-[whooshing]
♪ Here we are ♪
♪ Going far
To save all that we love ♪
♪ If we give all we've got
We will make it through ♪
♪ Here we are, like a star
Shining bright on your world ♪
♪ Today, make evil go away ♪
♪ Code Lyoko, we'll reset it all ♪
♪ Code Lyoko, be there when you call ♪
♪ Code Lyoko, we will stand real tall ♪
♪ Code Lyoko, stronger after all ♪
[computer blipping]
TIP TOP SHAPE
This new stuff will get rid of
my unsightly zits for sure.
You should have seen them.
You know, they're back together again!
Hey Julian, you mind telling me
what you're studying?
The eye chart!
I'm nearsighted, but I don't want
to have to wear glasses…
That'd be too lame!
You're right… Being blind as a bat sure
is a lot more cool!
Holding up the wall, huh, Odd?
No! Push-ups.
-Why? Can't you tell?
-[Ulrich] No.
I'm sick of hearing Yolanda
telling me I'm scrawny!
[Ulrich] But you are scrawny!
I am not scrawny! I'm svelte!
[Sissi] Ulrich,
want to look over my health record
with me?
[stammers]
Look at my weight curve… Just right!
And my growth curve…
-[Sissi] Just right!
-[sighs]
Perfection is really wonderful, isn't it?
[Jeremy] You don't understand, Aelita!
You don't have a health record,
you've never even been vaccinated!
What if the nurse finds out
that you're not really human?
You mean you don't find me very human?
Yeah, sure I do,
but that's not what I meant.
[Aelita] Jeremy, relax.
Don't get so carried away!
Alright… Jeremy Belpois,
Odd Della Robbia and Julien Xao.
-Go on, Rambo! Blow them away!
-[Ulrich and Sissi titter]
You've got the heart of an athlete, Odd.
But, you look a little skinny to me.
Are you sure you're eating enough?
By "enough,"
do you mean more than an elephant?
-[elephant roar]
-[Odd] I eat a lot!
[Yolanda] In that case, it must be
your metabolism that keeps you so scrawny.
Okay! Your turn, Julien!
I am not scrawny!
[Odd] I'm svelte!
Alright, read the top line, please.
[stammers]
A, Q, T… Z.
Jeremy, what do you see on line one,
please?
H, B, P, V and L.
[Yolanda] Really, Julien!
Not only are you nearsighted,
you've got a bad memory, too!
-[Odd and Jeremy laugh]
-[Yolanda] Jeremy…
-Your turn.
-[scales rattle]
Ma'am, is it bad if we forgot to bring
our health record,
and if we haven't had
all our vaccinations?
Well, yes it is.
But don't worry,
you're completely up to date.
Elisabeth Delmas and Aelita Stones,
please.
Not to worry, Einstein.
She thought you were human, didn't she?
Hilarious!
[tense music]
[beeping coming from satchel]
[Jeremy opens satchel]
-[click]
-[beeping]
-An activated tower!
-[click]
In the middle of a medical check-up?
XANA has no respect for anything!
Ulrich, stay here and wait for Aelita!
Bring her to the factory as soon as
she gets out!
Odd and I will head over there now!
[theme music]
[panting]
Hey, quit dawdling!
This is 100 meter sprint,
not a chorus line!
Okay, Jeremy. I'll be there
as soon as I can.
-[click]
-[Jim] Next!
[upbeat music]
-Go!
-[click]
[girls straining and panting]
[swoosh]
Yeah! There you go!
Someone, at least,
is putting their back into it.
[gasps]
Yumi, you just broke
the school record!
But… Hey!
[Jim] Yumi!
[scales rattle]
[Sissi] What!
[groans]
Your scale must be broken!
That's five pounds over!
The scale is perfectly accurate,
Elisabeth.
It's Sissi! This is outrageous!
I'm going to tell my father!
[Yolanda] I'd run over to his office
if I were you.
[Yolanda] It might help you lose
a few pounds!
Your turn, Aelita!
I'm really sorry, ma'am, but I forgot
to bring my health record.
It's no big deal.
I'll just put your results
on a separate piece of paper
that you can staple into
your file later on.
I should have left my health record
at home too!
-[crackling]
-Huh?
[electrical crackling]
[grunts]
-But, why?
-Well, can't you guess?
[Sissi] My ultra-perfect weight curve
has just been wrecked
by these five extra pounds!
[Aelita] Well, you can't tell
by looking at you.
-[swoosh]
-[screams]
[buzzing]
[sinister music]
[swoosh]
-[Sissi screaming]
-[both gasp]
[latch creaks]
[screaming]
There!
There… The nurse… She… Aelita!
[Ulrich] Okay, I get the picture.
[whoosh]
-[thud]
-[groan]
[shivers]
[theme music]
Yolanda has been possessed by XANA!
[Jeremy] She'll probably try
to get to the factory
-so she can transfer Aelita to Lyoko…
-[doors clanking]
…and then deliver her to the Scyphozoa!
[Ulrich] I'll try and stop her!
-[metal grating]
-[Ulrich straining]
Without Aelita,
we can't deactivate the tower!
How about we block the elevator?
That might buy us a little time.
-[typing]
-Okay.
[beeping]
[whirring]
[screeching]
[beeping]
But it's only going to give us
five or six minutes, no more!
So what do you suggest?
Well, we could do battle with Yolanda
on equal terms.
Say, what?
[Jeremy] I've been studying XANA's
specters for a while now!
I think I could manage to pixellize you.
You mean you're going to turn us into
people like the ones possessed by XANA?
Instead of being XANAfied,
we're going to be "Jeremified."
-Do you get it, guys?
-Couldn't that be a bit risky?
I could say no, but I'd be lying!
[both groan]
-[scraping]
-[panting]
[swoosh]
[clicking]
[groaning]
[panting]
Jeremy, Yolanda is heading
for the corridor!
Hold it off as long as you can!
How much time you need?
Ideally, about three months!
But I'll see what I can
do to speed things up!
So, how do you plan on pixellizing us,
Frankenstein?
First step… Activate a tower!
[Yumi] You know how to do that?
Well, theoretically… yes!
[grunts]
-It doesn't work.
-Yes, it does. Look!
[tense music]
I… activated a tower!
Now, thanks to this activated tower,
I'm going to send a digital impulse
which will travel at hyper speed
through all the networks and gather
huge amounts of energy!
I'll guide it by remote control
toward the exit I choose,
like the cables on my screen, and
the impulse will come out as a specter!
[gasps]
English translation, please?
Well… I'm going to send a specter
and you'll become invincible!
I'll do it!
Are you sure?
I've got a little score
to settle with Yolanda Perraudin!
[Ulrich] Excuse me, ma'am,
but you forgot to give me my check up!
[growls]
And I remembered to bring
my health record and everything.
[sinister music]
[swoosh]
-[grunts]
-[crackling]
-[electrical crackling]
-[grunting]
-[swoosh]
-[grunts]
-[crash]
Okay, I guess my reflexes are pretty good.
-[Yolanda grunts]
-How about testing my eyesight now?
[growls]
-[straining]
-[door lock rattling]
-[swoosh]
-[Ulrich screams]
-[screams]
-[beeping]
-[Aelita] Jeremy!
-Aelita, are you okay?
[Aelita] Yes, but I can't get through
the corridor!
[Jeremy] We're coming!
Get ready, Odd.
This is going to be big time!
If this ends badly, Jeremy,
you promise to look after Kiwi?
If this ends badly, there'll be nobody
left to look after Kiwi!
[action music]
[grunts]
-[crackling]
-[grunting]
[swoosh]
[screams]
[Ulrich grunts]
[computer beeping]
[Odd vibrates]
[grunting]
-[whooshing]
-[screaming]
[whirring]
-[whooshing]
Odd? How do you feel?
Fully charged!
[theme music]
-[groaning]
-[lock rattling]
[lock rattling]
Please hurry up! Jeremy, I…
[Aelita] She's here!
[bang]
[crash]
[grunts]
[Odd grunting]
So, miss nurse, do you think
I look scrawny now?
-[Yolanda growls]
-[swoosh]
[blast]
-[Odd grunts]
[swoosh]
This way, nasty nurse!
Catch me if you can!
[groans]
Aelita, do you read me? Aelita?
Loud and clear.
[both sigh]
-Aelita! Are you okay?
-[Aelita] I'm alright.
[Yumi] What about Ulrich?
Here I am! Am I dreaming,
or has Odd turned into a super hero?
[Yumi] Jeremy's managed to
"Jeremify" him!
[Ulrich] Yeah? That's weird.
[Jeremy] Yeah, but I don't know how long
he can last against Yolanda,
so we have to deactivate the tower
that's controlling her!
[action music]
[swoosh]
-[swoosh]
-[screams]
Better and better!
[whoosh]
[Jeremy] Scanner, Ulrich.
Scanner, Aelita. Scanner, Yumi.
Virtualization!
[whirring]
-[thud]
-[groans]
The Overbike and the Overwing
are on the way!
[beeping]
[click]
[Jeremy] The activated tower is
above the forest in front of you!
[Yumi] Let's move!
Any news from Odd and his private nurse?
Last time I checked,
the atmosphere was electric.
[Jeremy] He should be hanging in there,
for now, that is.
But you guys better be careful!
XANA sent out some monsters
to stop you from reaching the tower.
[Ulrich] Isn't that a surprise!
[sarcastically]
[swoosh]
-[swoosh]
-[thud]
[water gurgling]
-[splash]
-[Yolanda grunts]
-[screaming]
-[swoosh]
-[gasps]
[beeping]
[Odd] Jeremy, we're losing power.
Is that supposed to happen?
[stammers]
[Odd] That's what I thought!
You're using your "I hate to say it,
but you bombed the exam" voice?
[swoosh]
Odd! Can you hear me?
Odd!
[Jeremy] Odd, do you hear me?
[phone beeping]
[mechanical clanking]
[tires screech]
Yumi! Can you hear me?
[Yumi] Yes, Jeremy.
[Jeremy] It's about Odd!
We've got a big problem!
Yeah, well, it's not too easy at this end
either!
[lasers blast]
[zooming]
-[slashing]
-[screaming]
[grunts]
-[Yumi howls]
-[swoosh]
[explosion]
[theme music]
[beeping]
Listen! XANA is taking
control of the tower I activated for Odd,
and there's nothing I can do to stop him!
[Ulrich] Whenever you and Odd start
messing around, it means trouble for us!
But how's that going to affect Odd?
Will XANA take control of him, too?
[beeping]
Well it looks as if he'd rather just pump
all of his energy.
[Yumi] You mean, until he…
Yeah.
-Where's the other tower?
-[Jeremy] In the mountain sector!
There's a way tower to the west!
[Yumi] Got it! I'll go with Aelita.
Saving Odd is top priority now.
I'll stay here to clean up!
[grunts]
[swooshing]
[grunting]
[lasers blasting]
-[grunts]
-[crash]
Yumi, Aelita, hurry up!
Odd doesn't have much time left.
[beeping]
Okay, ladies, the tower is
dead ahead of you. Can you see it?
[Yumi stammers] No! To tell you
the truth, we can't see anything.
XANA has already pulled this one on us!
Hey, watch out!
[laser blasts]
[Yumi and Aelita scream]
You're right at the edge of the cliff.
You have to hang on real tight!
[Jeremy] Now!
[grunting]
Listen to me, okay! I'll guide you!
[Jeremy] The path leading to the tower
is dead ahead of you, Yumi!
Keep walking straight ahead
until I say "stop."
-[Jeremy] Stop!
-[grunts]
[Aelita strains and grunts]
[Yumi exhales]
Next time, Jeremy,
give me a little more warning, okay?
[Jeremy] Sorry. I can't judge distances
too well on my screen.
Now, turn right!
[blast]
[grunts]
[swoosh]
[Yumi] What's XANA got in store
for us next?
You're going to have to go
around the rock!
The best solution, as I see it,
is to go around to the left.
[Aelita and Yumi groaning]
[Yumi] Jeremy, are we there yet?
After the rock, it's straight ahead
to the tower. You're almost there.
-[beeping]
-[Jeremy] Oh, no!
-[Yumi] What?
-[Jeremy] You've got company.
-[Jeremy] Hornets!
-[Yumi] Where?
Duck!
[lasers blasting]
[Jeremy] Okay! Run straight ahead
to the tower!
[whimpering]
[Yumi] Where are they, Jeremy?
[Jeremy] I don't see them…
I do now! They're diving down,
straight at you!
[Jeremy] Aelita, run to the tower!
[swooshing]
[grunts]
Hurry up!
[Jeremy] You're in front of the tower!
[ethereal music]
[beeping]
[gasps]
[lasers blasting]
[swooshing]
[beeping]
[exhales]
[Yumi] Spotted!
[wings fluttering]
[explosion]
Jeremy, any news from Odd?
-No.
-[Yumi] Aelita's coming out of the tower.
[Yumi] We're going back to Ulrich,
right away.
Okay. I'll program the Overboard for you!
Ulrich, do you read me? Aelita and Yumi
are on their way to you!
Good. The three of us could use a few
ladies around here!
-[whirring]
-[swoosh]
The girls are coming,
we'd better clean up!
-[swooshing]
-[thud]
[swoosh]
Fusion!
[gasps]
It's about time!
I was getting
a little lonely out here by myself.
-[Yumi] What about the monsters?
-What monsters?
[Odd] It was pretty rude of you
to interrupt me
in the middle of our conversation,
nurse Yolanda!
Odd, am I glad to see you!
Yeah… I'm glad to see me too!
-[grunts]
-[swoosh]
[blast]
It's getting pretty hairy over
at the factory!
[ethereal music]
[beeping]
[sizzling]
-[both grunt]
-[beeping]
[Aelita] Tower deactivated.
[groans]
I really think XANA needs to work on
his bedside manner, don't you?
[Sissi] Yolanda turned into a weird,
scary demon and jumped out of a window!
[Sissi] That's what happened!
Reminds me of
when I worked in a psychiatric hospital.
You worked in a psychiatric hospital?
I'd rather not talk about it.
But it's the truth, I tell you!
Listen, Sissi, dear, stop this nonsense
and tell me what really happened!
-[door opens]
-Why don't you ask Yolanda?
[theme music]
[Aelita] Mrs. Perraudin
wasn't feeling well,
so she went out for some air!
[Mr. Delmas] Out the window?
Yes, of course…
Why not?
Is that really what happened, Yolanda?
Well, yes, I mean…
I don't really remember.
It's as though I blacked out, but
I don't see why Aelita would want to lie!
[Jeremy] Nice one, Aelita!
You were perfect!
You know, anybody who lies that well
could only be human, right Jeremy?
[laughs]
[Sissi] Hold it!
I am not crazy!
There are some super-weirdo things
that happened in that infirmary!
[Jeremy] Relax, Sissi!
We understand how it would make you crazy
to be five pounds overweight!
[Sissi gasps]
I am not five pounds overweight!
Now, now, come on! Don't worry!
You know… Nobody's perfect!
Speak for yourself… Scrawny!
I am svelte!
[everyone laughs]
[theme music]